Add more documentation around gke-deploy. (#533)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-builders: gke-deploy/README.md

# GKE Deploy

This tool deploys an application to a Kubernetes Engine cluster, following
Google's recommended best practices.

## Install Locally

Although `gke-deploy` is meant to be used as a build step with [Cloud
Build](https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/), that doesn't mean that it can't
be used locally.

1.  First, install
    [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) as a

>     dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dependency.
```

> 2.  Next, install `gke-deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Next, install `gke-deploy`:
```

    ```bash
    go install github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-builders/gke-deploy
    gke-deploy -h
    ```

3.  If your `kubectl` is pointing to a cluster, you can test out a deployment by

>     deploying an application with one simple command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    deploying an application with one simple command:
```

    ```bash
    # Deploy an nginx Deployment with a load balancer exposing port 80.
    gke-deploy run -i nginx -x 80

>     # After the command finishes, you should be able to visit the IP Address printed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # After the command finishes, can visit the IP Address printed
```

>     # in the > Deployed Resources table in the Service row.

Reviewer: Where can I find this table?

Author: stdout

Author: Updating this

Reviewer: :+1:

    # e.g., Service                    nginx-service    Yes      35.231.198.229
    curl 35.231.198.229
    ```

> ## gke-deploy vs kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `gke-deploy` vs `kubectl`
```

Using `gke-deploy` to deploy an application to Kubernetes Engine differs from
`kubectl` in that `gke-deploy` is effectively a wrapper around a `kubectl apply`

> deployment that follows Google's recommended best practices by doing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment that follows Google's recommended best practices.
```

> following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> This command will execute only the [Apply](#apply-step) phase mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command executes only the [Apply](#apply-step) phase mentioned above.
```
